---
showReadingTime: False
showWordCount: False
showDate: False
showTableOfContents: False
---
## Independent Projects

### Safepull

Safepull is a framework that solves an arbitrary code execution vulnerability present in the setup
and build process of Python malware. Setup files are arbitrarily evaluated for dependencies during
the `pip download` interaction. Safepull remedies this, providing security researchers and PyPI
administrators a safe way of reliably retrieving packages from the command line.
{{< github repo="import-pandas-as-numpy/safepull" >}}

### Chainsaw Rules

I have repackaged and redistributed an all-in-one modified ruleset for WithSecureLabs' forensics parsing
tool Chainsaw. These are tailored to detect and collect indicators of compromise, lateral movement,
and common malware execution patterns at scale, and to display this information in a digestable format.
{{< github repo="import-pandas-as-numpy/chainsaw-rules" >}}

## Vipyr Security

### Dragonfly Framework

The Dragonfly framework is the result of a multi-year long endeavor to create a malware scanning
service for the Python Package Index. Using a modular Rust scanning client and a FastAPI control
plane, the Dragonfly framework ingests roughly ten-thousand lines of code per second and has been
directly responsible for the detection, archival, and ultimately removal of 1500+ malware samples
from PyPI.
{{< github repo="vipyrsec/dragonfly-mainframe" >}}
{{< github repo="vipyrsec/dragonfly-client-rs" >}}

### Deobfuscator

Our custom deobfuscation framework utilizes the Python abstract syntax tree to facilitate the dynamic
detection and deobfuscation of common obfuscation schemas observed in Python-based malware, and has
proved itself highly capable of working through payloads generated by cybercrime groups and advanced
persistent threats.
{{< github repo="vipyrsec/vipyrsec-deobfuscator" >}}

### Vipyrsec Website

Our website is written in Typescript and built off the Astro framework and OnWidget's wonderful
Astrowinds template.
{{< github repo="vipyrsec/vipyrsec-site" >}}
